It's you. What do you want?
I don't know you.
Why did you hit me?
It was you who let me in the afternoon
I forgot, but forget it.
The thing that bothers me the most is
You actually stole my man
Rob your man
Chu Long
I have nothing to do with him
It doesn't matter if you have anything to do with him
He protects you and you have to die
I'm warning you!
I am the president of Tianqiang Group
If you kill me
The police will make every effort to arrest you
The police are trying to arrest me
Do you know who I am?
Do you know?
You are not ordered to be a princess
Well, you already know my identity
You can go to hell now.
Even if you are a princess
You can't just kill people, can you?
I can't help it. I just do it casually. Who dares?